feat: 🎸 Updated Contirbuting.md (#92)
berachain/metadata: CONTRIBUTING.md

}
```

> > **NOTE:** If addeding an image make it in the same name as the `address`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** If adding an image, give it the same name as the `address`:
```

}
```

> > **NOTE:** If addeding an image make it in the same name as the `stakingTokenAddress`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** If adding an image, give it the same name as the `stakingTokenAddress`:
```
